docs: :memo: move contributing text into own file (#1436)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Issues and bugs :bug:

The easiest way to contribute is to report issues or bugs that you might
find while using Sprout. You can do this by creating a
[new](https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout/issues/new/choose)
issue on our GitHub repository.

## Adding or modifying content :pencil2:

If you would like to contribute content, please check out our
[guidebook](https://guidebook.seedcase-project.org/) for more specific
details on how we work and develop. It is a regularly evolving document,
so is at various states of completion.

To install Sprout to contribute, you first need to install
[uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) and
[justfile](https://just.systems/man/en/packages.html). We use uv and
justfile to manage our project, such as to install development

> dependencies. Both uv and justfile website have a more detailed guide on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies. Both the uv and justfile websites have a more detailed guide on
```
